---
# Copyright 2026 Core Devices LLC
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: Pebble SDK 4.9.148 - Changelog
date: 2026-03-26
---

**Important:** Due to an oversight in SDK 4.9.127, all Alloy apps compiled
with that version need to be recompiled with SDK 4.9.148. We apologize for
the inconvenience.

### Changes to Firmware

* Added Hebrew language support, including Heebo fonts and improved
  right-to-left / bidirectional text rendering.
* Added support for Unicode space characters (em space, en space,
  non-breaking space, etc.) with correct widths and line-breaking behavior.
* Added manual time and date setting in the Settings menu, with a toggle
  between automatic (phone sync) and manual time sources.
* Added Back + Up button combo as a new quick launch shortcut from the
  watchface.
* Added deep sleep tracking display on black-and-white watches.
* Added heart rate monitoring interval setting.
* Improved display rendering: fixed bitblt overflow crash on displays wider
  than 255 pixels, forced display refresh on orientation changes, and fixed
  reversed bezel-mode animation direction.
* Removed RockyJS / JerryScript runtime support. JavaScript apps should use
  the Alloy (Moddable) framework introduced in SDK 4.9.127.
* Various bug fixes and stability improvements.

### Changes to SDK

* Added ``RESOURCE_ID_LECO_60_NUMBERS_AM_PM`` and
  ``RESOURCE_ID_LECO_60_BOLD_NUMBERS_AM_PM`` system font resources.
* Added ``kModdableCreationFlagLogInstrumentation`` flag for Alloy apps to
  enable XS instrumentation logging. Only really needed for advanced use-cases!
* Updated Moddable (XS engine) to version 7.2.1.
